[docs] Add labels context and user info (#2129)
elastic/apm-server: docs/guide/apm-data-model.asciidoc

* The timestamp of the event
* A unique id, type, and name
* Data about the environment in which the event is recorded:
** Service - environment, framework, language, etc.
** Host - architecture, hostname, IP, etc.
** Process - args, PID, PPID, etc.
** URL - full, domain, port, query, etc.
** <<user-fields,User>> - (if supplied) email, ID, username, etc.
* Other relevant information depending on the agent. Example: The JavaScript RUM agent captures transaction marks,
which are points in time relative to the start of the transaction with some label.

In addition, agents provide options for users to capture custom <<metadata, metadata>>.
Metadata can be indexed - <<labels-fields,`labels`>>, or not-indexed - <<custom-fields,`custom`>>.

TIP: Most agents limit keyword fields (e.g. `transaction.name`) to 1024 characters,

> and non-keyword fields (e.g. `labels`) to 10,000 characters.

Reviewer: labels are keyword fields and should be limited to 1024 by agents. There are actually only a few fields which have the 10k char limit but that not yet completely aligned: https://github.com/elastic/apm-dev/issues/302#issuecomment-432570637

Author: Ahh, thanks for the clarification here

* {apm-java-ref-v}/metrics.html[Java]
* {apm-node-ref-v}/metrics.html[Node.js]
* {apm-py-ref-v}/metrics.html[Python]
* {apm-ruby-ref-v}/metrics.html[Ruby]

// This heading is linked to from the APM UI section in Kibana
[[metadata]]
=== Metadata

Metadata can enrich your events and make application performance monitoring even more useful.
Let's explore the different types of metadata that Elastic APM offers.

> ==== Quick Reference table

Author: Probably just going to move this information into the sections below. I fear people will skip over the main sections with this here.

[[labels-fields]]
==== Labels

Labels are used to add *indexed* information to transactions, spans, and errors.
Indexed means the data is searchable and aggregatable in Elasticsearch.
Multiple labels can be defined with different key-value pairs.

* Indexed: Yes
* Elasticsearch type: {ref}/object.html[object]
* Elasticsearch field: `labels` (previously `context.tags` in <v.7.0)
* Applies to <<transactions>> | <<transaction-spans>> | <<errors>>

Label values can be a string, boolean, or number.

> Note that some agents only support string values at this time.

Reviewer: We should note that number and boolean labels were only introduced in APM Server 6.7+. Using this API in combination with an older APM Server versions leads to validation errors.

> Because labels are stored in the same place in Elasticsearch, each value must have the same data type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because labels for a given key are stored in the same place in Elasticsearch, all label values of a given key must have the same data type.
```

In addition, I am not sure what "stored in the same place in Elasticsearch" means.

Author: Good call on this @eyalkoren, thanks! "Stored in the same place" is confusing. It's meant that the key "foo" from multiple agents is stored in the same place in ES. I'll make this more clear

Rum: {apm-rum-ref}/api.html#apm-add-tags[`addTags`]

|Custom
|No
v|<<transactions>>
<<errors>>
v|Go: {apm-go-ref}/api.html#slug-here[`???`]

> Java: {apm-java-ref}/public-api.html#slug-here[`???`]

Author: @felixbarny - The java agent has no custom context?

Reviewer: No, not yet, but as we resolved  elastic/apm#7, we can add it now: https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-java/issues/604

Rum: {apm-rum-ref}/api.html#apm-set-custom-context[`setCustomContext`]

|User
|Yes
v|<<transactions>>
<<errors>>
v|Go: {apm-go-ref}/api.html#context-set-username[`SetUsername`] \| {apm-go-ref}/api.html#context-set-id[`SetUserID`] \| {apm-go-ref}/api.html#context-set-email[`SetUserEmail`]
Java: {apm-java-ref}/public-api.html#api-transaction-set-user[`setUser`]
Node.js: {apm-node-ref}/agent-api.html#apm-set-user-context[`setUserContext`]
Python: {apm-py-ref}api.html#api-set-user-context[`set_user_context`]
Ruby: {apm-ruby-ref}/api.html#api-agent-set-user[`set_user`]
Rum: {apm-rum-ref}/api.html#apm-set-user-context[`setUserContext`]

|=======================================================================

// GO CUSTOM - not quite sure where to link
// JAVA CUSTOM - looks like Java doesn't have a custom context option

[[labels-fields]]
==== Labels

Labels are used to add *indexed* information to transactions, spans, and errors.
Indexed means the data is searchable and aggregatable in Elasticsearch.
Multiple labels can be defined with different key-value pairs.

* Elasticsearch type: {ref}/object.html[object]

> * Elasticsearch field: `labels` (previously `context.tags`)

Author: Need to version this

Note that some agents only support string values at this time.
Because labels are stored in the same place in Elasticsearch, each value must have the same datatype.
Multiple datatypes per key will throw an exception, e.g. `{foo: bar}` and `{foo: 42}`

IMPORTANT: Avoid defining too many user-specified labels.
Defining too many unique fields in an index is a condition that can lead to a
{ref}/mapping.html#mapping-limit-settings[mapping explosion].

// elastic/apm-server#828
// https://github.com/elastic/apm-server/pull/1712

[[custom-fields]]
==== Custom context

Custom context is used to add *non-indexed*,
custom contextual information to transactions and errors.
Non-indexed means the data is not searchable or aggregatable in Elasticsearch,
and you cannot build dashboards on top of the data.
However, non-indexed information is useful for other reasons,
like providing contextual information to help you quickly debug performance issues or errors.

* Elasticsearch type: {ref}/object.html[object]
* Elasticsearch fields: `transaction.custom` | `error.custom`

IMPORTANT: Setting a circular object, large object, or a non JSON serializable object can lead to errors.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add a note that mapping explosions are not a concern here because it does not add fields to the mapping? At least I think that this is the case.

Author: Added above

* {apm-java-ref-v}/metrics.html[Java]
* {apm-node-ref-v}/metrics.html[Node.js]
* {apm-py-ref-v}/metrics.html[Python]
* {apm-ruby-ref-v}/metrics.html[Ruby]

// This heading is linked to from the APM UI section in Kibana
[[metadata]]
=== Metadata

Metadata can enrich your events and make application performance monitoring even more useful.
Let's explore the different types of metadata that Elastic APM offers.

[float]
[[labels-fields]]
==== Labels

Labels are used to add *indexed* information to transactions, spans, and errors.
Indexed means the data is searchable and aggregatable in Elasticsearch.
Multiple labels can be defined with different key-value pairs.

* Indexed: Yes
* Elasticsearch type: {ref}/object.html[object]

> * Elasticsearch field: `labels` (previously `context.tags` in <v.7.0)

Reviewer 3: drop `v.` from `7.0`.  maybe `pre-7.0` instead of `<` ?

* Applies to <<transactions>> | <<transaction-spans>> | <<errors>>

> Label values can be a string, boolean, or number in APM Server v.6.7+.

Reviewer 3: drop `v.` from `6.7`
